[Music]
welcome to the show today we are talking
about 10 must have games for the
[Music]
PSP Loco Roo 2 is an imaginative and
original platforming game that marri's
unique gameplay with an extremely
vibrant and gorgeous aesthetic adding to
this that the over-the-top energy of the
music will probably have you whistling
to yourself for days after playing it
and you have all of the ingredients that
make up a damn fine game developed by SE
Japan and released in 2008 local Roo 2
possesses a unique control scheme that
utilizes the PSP shoulder buttons Each
One controls the direction in which your
local Roo will travel as well as the
ability to jump when hitting both of
them together whilst exploring each
level your locco Roco will grow in size
depending on how many berries you eat
and at certain points will have to be
separated in order to advance the
Charming animations are short to put a
smile on your face as you break apart
and form back up the characters are
pretty much one dimensional balls of
sound and color but with the ability to
choose from a variety of them everybody
is sure to find one they like I found
myself just sticking to the default
yellow choice but nonetheless it was one
hell of a laugh to play through
regardless of which character you
[Music]
choose the sixth installment in the
Kingdom Hearts franchise serving as a
prequel to the original game in the
series is centers around the adventures
of Tera aqua and Ventus like the
previous games in the series The Story
takes place across a variety of Worlds
five in total which are based on several
of Disney's popular films set out as
three different campaigns you have the
option to choose your character at the
start of the adventure and with each
scenario lasting a good 10 to 15 hours
you get a lot of bang for your book
initially the prospect of playing
through the same story three times
doesn't seem like a pleasant one but
Birth by Sleep manages to pull it up
you'll be meeting different characters
fighting different bosses as well as
visiting new areas of each World
essentially an action role playing game
it introduced a new feature to the
series known as the command system which
plays heavily into the games combat you
can gain a variety of special commands
that Aid you in battle and forms your
command deck and to top it all off each
command can be developed and formed into
new ones offering up aead of a lot of
experimentation for the
[Music]
player Ridge Racer 2 on the PSP is far
superior than the first one that was
released for the console's launch in
orness it is basically just the same
game but with a huge injection of
content which sees the game become a lot
more value for the price of a mission
with over 42 tracks from the previous
game 62 cars and a load of new modes
that were absent from the first title
this really is the ultimate ridge racing
experience on the go perceived there's
nothing more of an update to the
original instead of a full-on sequel
with the game using the same engine the
visuals look almost identical to the
first but in 2017 and with the game
costing next to nothing to pick up these
issues can easily be overlooked as any
longtime fan of the show will know I
love my myself some Ridge Racer and
although there are several other great
Racers for the system such as Gran
Turismo and Bernard I believe Ridge
Racer 2 is the best in part due to the
classic drifting gameplay that many have
come to expect from the franchise as
well as the absolutely overwhelming
amount of content if you like fun
pockets of pck me up AR goodness on the
go then this one is for you however if
you prefer a more realistic Driving
Experience Grant rismo easily surpasses
it developed by square reix and released
in 2011 this game gives as both a
prequel and remake of the Cydia Final
Fantasy the gameplay remains largely
similar but comes along with a few
notable changes that manage to mix up
the formula enough for me to recommend
this version over the previous one the
game centers primarily around oneon-one
battles that take place on a battle map
each character can perform two types of
attack known as bravery or HP bravery
attacks do not take damage and serve as
a way to increase the power of your HP
attack with the damage dealt by a HP
move being linked to the amount of
Bravery points you possess the fighting
evolves into a sort of tug of war
bravery points the game sees many of the
popular Final Fantasy characters coming
together so there is something for
everyone right from the start and with
the inclusion of a traditional world map
in the single player mode it allows you
to experience the story and explore the
world which is full of different
scenarios and
[Music]
events a Japanese roleplaying game
released for the PSP in 2006 it wasn't
until 2011 that the western territories
managed to get a translated version of
this game trails in the sky sees you
taking control control of several
characters throughout the duration of
its remarkably intricate story that is
set in the Kingdom of liel as with all
RPGs it's really make or break when it
comes to the battle system and
thankfully trails in the sky delivers on
this aspect each battle takes place on a
grid and is turn-based in nature with
the order of turns being outlined by a
Tracker known as the ATB you have the
option to move or attack as well as take
advantage of the three other forms of
actions known as Arts crafts and as
crafts art Ser is The Game's form of
magic attacks and team support abilities
where crafts are tied specifically to
one character and cost craft points in
order to use upon reaching an amount of
100 points the player is then able to
utilize the SC crafts that are
essentially powered up versions of The
Craft moves this game is easily
accessible with it now being available
on a variety of platforms such as Steam
the PS3 and Vita trails in the sky is an
RPG that deserves your time and is one
game not to be
[Music]
missed Persona free portable is a
re-release of the PlayStation 2 title
Persona fre the story remains true if
not identical to the first release and
sees you taken up the role of a new
transfer student starting at a high
school the game has been one of the most
influential jrpgs of our time
successfully rebooting atlas's most
promising franchise while there have
been some necessary cuts to the game in
order to make it viable for anhel it
really doesn't affect it too much when
compared to the original one of note has
to be the exclusion of animated cut
scenes for the many story elements
present within the game this is a
disappointment and does detract from the
story's delivery but the game more than
mixes up for this in different areas
with the option to choose a female
protagonist which in turn Alters some
aspects of the story there is quite a
lot players of the original will
appreciate it allows you to play through
the game with a different perspective as
well as adding a few new Social Links
into the mix quite easily this has to be
the best ipg for the system the
storyline the battle mechanics the
soundtrack they all add up to make
something truly special that should not
be
missed now the fact that God of War was
even running on a PSP with a kind of
visual flare present in the game is
nothing short of a Testament of the
talent of the development team behind it
this really is the big screen God of War
experience running on a handheld and it
looks [__] gorgeous it serves as the
fourth installment of the franchise but
depicts the events prior to the original
God of War on the PS2 you take control
of katos a Spartan warrior with severe
anger issues the game is primarily a
combo based brawler with elements of
platforming as well as a few puzzles
from in but combat is where the game
really shines and as you progress new
weapons are unlock which open up
alternative options when encountering
enemies such as the sunshield and
Gauntlet of Zeus as well as being well
versed in the art of combat katos also
possesses free magic abilities that also
contribute to the ways in which combat
can be mixed up with the lack of a
second anlog stick on the PSP many will
worried that the game's controls would
not transfer well to the hardware but
Ria Dawn pulled it off if you're a fan
of the series this one is a
[Music]
no-brainer although I only played Paton
3 for a short period of time I have to
say that I've never met such an
Innovative and impressing game before
the rules are simple as well as the core
idea of the game each face button of the
PSP represents a drum which must be hit
in time with an established rhythm in
order to relay your instructions to an
army of pant this formula remains
largely unchanged from previous games in
the series with the exception of the new
superhero patapon who askes your
presence within the game another
addition to patapon 3 was a greater
emphasis on multiplayer which is
expanded and featured more prominently
every level is available to play in this
mode and can consist of up to eight
players simultaneously now there can be
a lot of backtracking involved in the
game in order to gather Mana to increase
your army and this is mainly one of the
only complaints with the game that I
[Music]
have developed and published by square
anx War of the Lions is essentially an
updated version of the original
Playstation release from 1997 taking
advantage of the updated Hardware the
game fully utilizes the new screen
estate as well as the incorporation of a
multiplayer mode also bringing with it a
bunch of new characters from The Final
Fantasy series made this version the one
to get a turn-based tactical role
playing game is best compared to the
likes of chess with each fighter moving
about a grid like board in accordance
with their allotted movements each map
present within the game affects this
allotment with the range of Mobility
dependent on each Maps terrain of around
22 jobs available within the game
ranging from swordsman to dancers there
was a huge amount of experimentation
involved was translat to a nice amount
of replayability fulfilling actions
within battle will grant you experience
in drob points which all contri
contribute to the effectiveness of your
abilities what makes War of the L stand
out is the potential to carry across
certain skills over different job types
which makes switching jobs halfway
through all the
[Music]
easier the best vision of this game was
included in the HD collection for the
PS3 and 360 mainly due to the addition
of a second analog stick and how it
improves the gameplay when compared to
the PSP version now with that the way
peace worker is an absolute Triumph and
was a technical showcase for the PSP
upon its release the amount of content
in this game is truly staggering and
with the game being developed with the
system in mind you will find yourself
being tasked with shorter missions that
benefit from the pickup and play nature
of the hardware as always from kajima
you can expect a great storyline that
will keep you guessing throughout the
duration of the campaign essentially the
archetype of Metal Solid 5 you can
expect to be managing your own base as
you deal with Personnel gain from
missions in the field as well as
increasing the ever grown options of
weapons and items available to you for
your bases development truly a must have
for the system go out and pick this one
up
[Music]